feature/SM-6213: docs updates for reassigning section 81 (#624)
departmentfortransport/street-manager-docs: docs/api-documentation/V2.10/index.md

      </li>
    </ol>
  </li>
  <li>

>     SM-6213: New <code>PUT ​/works​/{workReferenceNumber}​/section-81s​/{section81ReferenceNumber}​/reassign-section-81</code> endpoint added to enable changing the promoter organisation that the Section 81 is associated with.

Reviewer: Thinking should we mention that its HA that uses this
```suggestion
    SM-6213: New <code>PUT ​/works​/{workReferenceNumber}​/section-81s​/{section81ReferenceNumber}​/reassign-section-81</code> endpoint added to enable a HA to change the promoter organisation that a Section 81 is associated with.
```
